c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.exe
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.deps.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\rpswa.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjimswa.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmrazor.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmcshtml.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\WebApplication1.styles.css
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json.cache
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\gabri\Desktop\Bleh\Proyectos\Personales\C#\C# WEB API\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.sourcelink.json
